Food
Dangerous
Chocolate contain methylxanthines, 
causes: vomiting and diarrhea, panting, excessive thirst and urination, hyperactivity, abnormal heart rhythm, tremors, seizures and even death 
darker chocolate is more dangerous than milk chocolate. 
 
Alcohol
causes: vomiting, diarrhea, decreased coordination, central nervous system depression, difficulty breathing, tremors, abnormal blood acidity, coma and even death.

Avocado contain Persin, 
causes vomiting and diarrhea in dogs. Some ingestion may even be fatal.

Macadamia Nuts
have causes: weakness, depression, vomiting, tremors and hyperthermia 

Grapes & Raisins toxic substance unknown
causes: kidney failure. 

Yeast Dough Yeast dough can rise 
causes: gas to accumulate in your pet’s digestive system

Raw/Undercooked Meat can contain bacteria such as Salmonella and E. coli that can be harmful to pets. 
Raw eggs contain an enzyme called avidin that decreases the absorption of biotin (a B vitamin), which can lead to skin and coat problems. 
Bones
causes: choking on bones, or sustain a grave injury should the bone splinter and become lodged in or puncture your pet’s digestive tract.

Xylitol is used as a sweetener in many products, including gum, candy, baked goods and toothpaste. 
causes: insulin release in most species, which can lead to liver failure. The increase in insulin leads to hypoglycemia (lowered sugar levels). Initial signs of toxicosis include vomiting, lethargy and loss of coordination. Signs can progress to recumbancy and seizures. Elevated liver enzymes and liver failure can be seen within a few days.

Onions, Garlic, Chives

causes: gastrointestinal irritation and could lead to red blood cell damage. An occasional low dose, such as what might be found in pet foods or treats, likely will not cause a problem, but we recommend that you do NOT give your pets large quantities of these foods.

Milk

Because pets do not possess significant amounts of lactase (the enzyme that breaks down lactose in milk), milk and other milk-based products cause them diarrhea or other digestive upset.

Salt

Large amounts of salt can produce excessive thirst and urination, or even sodium ion poisoning in pets. 
Signs of too much salt: diarrhea, depression, tremors, elevated body temperature, seizures and even death. 

Animal Poison Control Center

If you think that your pet may have ingested a potentially poisonous substance , call (888) 426-4435.  They are available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. A $65 consultation fee may be applied to your credit card.

Good 
Green beans are a good source of plant fibre, vitamin K, vitamin C, and manganese
Carrot sticks 
Cucumber slices 
Zucchini slices 
Apple slices (without seeds) they are a source of vitamins A and C and fibre.
Cooked lean meats 
Baked potatoes (no unripe potatoes or potato plants) 
Sweet potatoes are another source of dietary fibre and contain vitamin B6, vitamin C, beta carotene, and manganese
Bread (no raisin bread or raw bread dough) 
Unsalted pretzels 
Bananas 
Unsalted almonds 
Plain, cooked pasta
Peanut butter is a healthy, high-protein treat for dogs
Berries (fresh and frozen): Blueberries, blackberries, strawberries, huckleberries or raspberries 
Cooked chicken
Melons: Watermelon, cantaloupe and honeydew are all healthy options
Oatmeal is a good source of soluble fibre
Yogurt 
Salmon is a fatty fish which is also a good source of omega- 3 fatty acids
Pumpkin is a good source of fibre and beta carotene (a source of vitamin A)
Popcorn that has been air popped with no butter or salt is a great lowcalorie treat
Rice is good to feed when your dog has an upset tummy and needs a bland meal.
Pineapple contains mostly sugar but it also contains calcium and potassium